fix(epp): nrpe nsclient 0.5 monitoring proc modification for 21.10 and higher (#1347)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-21.10/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/operatingsystems-windows-nsclient-05-nrpe.md

> 1. Install the Centreon NRPE Client package on every Poller expected to monitor *Varnish*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Centreon NRPE Client package on every Poller expected to monitor *Windows* resources:
```

```bash
yum install centreon-nrpe3-plugin
```

> 2. On the Centreon Web interface, install the Centreon Pack *Varnish* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the Centreon Web interface, install the **Windows NRPE 0.5** Centreon Plugin Pack on the **Configuration > Plugin Packs** page.
```

> 1. Install the Centreon Plugin package on every Poller expected to monitor *Varnish*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Centreon NRPE Client package on every Poller expected to monitor *Windows* resources:
```

```bash
yum install centreon-nrpe3-plugin
```

> 2. Install the Centreon Pack RPM on the Centreon Central server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the **Windows NRPE 0.5** Centreon Pack RPM on the Centreon Central server:
```

## Host configuration

* Log into Centreon and add a new Host through "Configuration > Hosts".

> * Apply the *OS-Windows-NSClient-05-NRPE-custom*. 
> * Configure the following macros. If you're in 21.10 or higher version and you've just installed **centreon-nrpe3-plugin**, you will have to replace the default macro values by the bold ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fill the **Name**, **Alias** & **IP Address/DNS** fields according to your *Windows* server settings.
* Select the *OS-Windows-NSClient-05-NRPE-custom* template to apply to the Host.
* Once the template is applied, fill in the corresponding macros. If you're in 21.10 or higher version and you've just installed **centreon-nrpe3-plugin**, you will have to replace the default macro values by the bold ones:
```
